I have these crystals so we will
find against a small match
between and what happened
you see and yesterday where there was this
defeat is good lyon I think everything
the world told me about it pushed necessarily
and I come back from 6 9 12 69 and so for
people who were seeing diseases of
images of the 6-2 6-0 defeat
here are players on the ground especially at
islands that hurt a lot for example
yesterday against 6 0 it's a little thanks to him
and on his first free kick
he made a head with red juice that's
not even a head is the mark of a
shoulder the dude the guy calm without
pressure so here I normally play
legend
legend or not what is a legend
I'm going to lose I like to have
calm oh lalala lalala already you see
knows how to dominate one gets dominated but
manage at once I tell myself but there is
hope
you see there I have a little who we do not want
to bind one can not feet at home
why there is a bug at api is at
lyon there and I who did that I did that
do them after there is frankly you
imagine I'm losing 6 0 it'll be a
revelation
it's hackman especially not you can nothing
do the 2-0 already but a good song
religious morning defect I pull myself together
I must act together with me maybe
five six balloons and said nothing how
they go fast to measurements how they
row euros thankfully he is there
at 30 already in the islands is beautiful the
purpose and he passed the buoy called there was
to do whatever you want they are
fucking
monthey played without foot what is it
this game also fucking
but no
possible
it is there because it is something the
broken
to 3-0 to do like them it's this kind
of moments when that
go 1
I never dream
will never go
mmm expected
penalty and a stay they are good who
deceived
are at this difficult it is difficult in
legend is difficult I have trouble
I have trouble
4 0
it's without support if they can
do more than 5 2 6 0
o o
lacazette ilaina show his his evidence
for them to be purchased by arsenal
it's naive going to me this year
but next year I see already
tired at the bay where they were
happy celi content he scored his
goal he's happy good already I'm suffering
a good score 69th in addition I'm going to mark
at the 69th
oh la la olala that marks the 69th and
all this hides a little secret
crystals I know I do not know who already
infected
I know we are trying to compete but
it is not easy
89th you see three 03 88 01 his mark
rappaz that she would make a better score
one minute
in the minutes I can
score a goal well yeah it's possible
concertation consultation
ferry
it's me
he is tired
me it's simple it's good